{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23700\viewh13600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 I\'92ve been cleaning Wendell\'92s Aviary for 2-3 months now. For most of that time, I really wasn\'92t that interested in her or her roommates because unlike the cockatoos who overtly study those who approach their aviaries and who scream, display overt movements, and flash their head-crests, she and the other Senegal parrots at first seemed less effusive, less interested, and less interesting. That was before I had started to pay attention. \
Over time, I\'92ve begun to develop a sense for these individuals, their tastes, preferences, and social dynamics.\
\
Unlike the other birds in the aviary, Wendell seemed more human-centric than bird-centric. She spends a lot of time with her head tucked into her wing feathers perched near the part of the aviary facing the hallway, through which people walk.\
\
She loves one woman who works at the parrot sanctuary. When this person visits her, Wendell will hop into her hands to be snuggled and kissed.\
\
After cleaning and feeding her, I one day approached Wendell and spoke to her for sometime. We watched each other. I clicked my tongue against the roof of my myth and she did the same. \
\
I\'92m not sure what this clicking means, exactly but it\'92s something I\'92ve come to do with a lot of the birds and it feels somewhat intimate, like a gesture of endearment. \
\
There\'92s a quaker parrot named Pugsley, who always flies after me as I\'92m cleaning his aviary. At first I thought he wanted me to pet him, but that didn\'92t seem the case because he attempted to nibble my finger time each time I brought it close to him. He would tug at my hair from above and fly after me every time I moved to a different part of his aviary to clean it.  Finally I just started standing hear him and clicking my tongue against the roof of my mouth and he did the same. He doesn\'92t like being pet so much, but it seems that he loves to click together.\
\
For Wendell it\'92s similar. Our interaction often starts out with this fast, soft clicking and then eventually, she\'92ll put her head down, indicating that I can pet her. I do so with one feather, going against her feathers. If I put my hand too far in one direction, she often gets annoyed and doesn\'92t want me to pet her anymore until after we click again or until she puts her head down again.\
\
}